---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "greenhouse_custom_field Resource - src"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# greenhouse_custom_field (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **field_type** (String) The type of the field.
- **name** (String) The field's name in Greenhouse
- **value_type** (String) The type of the value.

### Optional

- **api_only** (Boolean) Updates to this field may only be made via Harvest.
- **custom_field_options** (Block List) For single_select and multi_select field_types, this is the list of options for that select. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_field_options))
- **department_ids** (List of Number) The custom field is only displayed for objects in these departments.
- **description** (String) The field's description in Greenhouse
- **expose_in_job_board_api** (Boolean) This field and its value are provided in the Job Board API response.
- **generate_email_token** (Boolean) Generate a default template_token_string for the new Custom Field.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **office_ids** (List of Number) The custom field is only displayed for objects in these offices.
- **private** (Boolean) Denotes a private field in Greenhouse.
- **require_approval** (Boolean) Changes to this field trigger re-approval.
- **required** (Boolean) Denotes a required field in Greenhouse.
- **template_token_string** (String) The template token used in email and offer document templates.
- **trigger_new_version** (Boolean) Changes to this field trigger creation of a new offer version.

### Read-Only

- **active** (Boolean)
- **departments** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--departments))
- **name_key** (String)
- **offices** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--offices))
- **priority** (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--custom_field_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_field_options`

Required:

- **name** (String) The name of the new custom field option.
- **priority** (Number) Numeric value for ordering the custom field options.

Optional:

- **external_id** (String) The external_id for the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--departments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `departments`

Read-Only:

- **child_department_external_ids** (List of String)
- **child_ids** (List of Number)
- **external_id** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **parent_department_external_id** (String)
- **parent_id** (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--offices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `offices`

Read-Only:

- **child_ids** (List of Number)
- **location** (Map of String)
- **location_name** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **parent_id** (Number)
- **primary_contact_user_id** (Number)


